{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b Posting Availability:
\b0  Every other day.\
\
RPOL Adult Game Legal Statement:\
\
I, Abalux48, am 31 years old, born November 17th, 1981. I am legally allowed to view adult material in my place of residence.\
\

\b Name: 
\b0 Yolande 
\b \
Birthright: 
\b0 Lunar\

\b Starting Circumstances: 
\b0 Yolande left the Ourathan Isles about a decade ago after being on the losing side of a clan conflict. She crossed the sea and wandered through Parack and Dernmarik, working as a mercenary and eventually winding up in the Alarian Imperium. Darius, an Imperial mage, encountered her during his travels. As the two of them grew to know each other, their relationship blossomed into marriage. They're now happily married.\

\b Description: 
\b0 Female, 5'7", 150 lbs, black hair, brown eyes, tanned skin, solid build.\

\b Concept:
\b0  Spiritualist-warrior.\

\b Basic Gear: 
\b0 Quarterstaff, javelin, shimmer mail, backpack with standard adventurer supplies\

\b Plothooks: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Yolande doesn't care for mages throwing their power around willy-nilly; it's disrespectful of the natural world and shows a lack of self-control. She'd advocate stopping any arcane threats in the area. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Yolande is married to Darius, an Imperial mage. Imperials consider pretty much everyone who is not them barbarians. While no one in Dernmarik is likely to care too much about this-they're considered barbarians too-she's never going to go unnoticed by Imperial visitors. There may be issues that affect both him and her. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Yolande has connections with various nature spirits, and takes care to ingratiate herself with those in any area she spends more than a few days in. While this tendency can be helpful, it tends to drag her into such spirits' problems and disputes. }